hello and welcome back
I'm doing my current
favorite dish though we do that
vegan cannelloni there is a portion
for such a big casserole dish and as
We had sauce based on that
1 2 onions
I have two pieces of tomato here
can also happen to take Italian
herbal mixture of beneficial and olive oil
then for the filling we take spinach
actively played and a bit creamy
you can also gather the on what
tastes better and for the wiper mail
Sauce comes afterwards on top of cheese substitute
Let's take vegetable marine
we have a good beat soymilk me
I have soy rice drinks this is mine
absolute favorite i already have
Tried many things the
I would like to have a cereal in it
cornflakes in the cafe a strong next to
taste really nice fresh gives two
edeka for under 1 euro really very
delicious and still nutmeg for the
Laundry then we go right away
For the filling you just have to
heat spinach
I already have onions here
can also shop normal removals yet
fry before
the spinach and our soja
Collect this that we heated together
does not have to cook properly
not really really hot and wanted
yourself only this frozen spinach solution
next time the tomato sauce
I now have olives here before
and hot comes here comes the
cut a lot in
and that will be for two minutes now
glassy sweat that now the spinach
Soon you can finish salting
pepper with it gets the taste
but otherwise he is ready so far
no longer does the onions are now
so far done here come the
tomato sauce to it
Stir 10
what I still like to do with it
pieces are not that big
I know and potato mash and do
you all still a bit smaller so
that according to those so big tomato pieces
are in the sauce and sauces this
basis the economy set
you have to go with aline spices and salt and
pepper a little sugar always on the
tomato sauce a little bit sugar
make the superphone like itself and then
that is already finished
Now we have minimal work
already the tomatoes and the for and for
Never finish the channels first
we just take a few spoonfuls of that
tomato sauce as a basis in the
distribute casserole dish
and then come the category on the
still medium stuffed when I have the
filling in the camel without making power
Of course, I am always numerous around
just spoon and you stop yours
purest determined to prove but elegant
I'm doing this, however, like the
coalition with the fingers a bit
to everything as the plate because it
that's why traveling is good too
if the game is way too hot
then you can do that but I want
intervene
whole spinach now comes next to money
he after the studies head after so
nothing is left
the full is just hang up
make our tomato sauce that until the
casserole dish really nice when
normal filled they are so out
also nothing left of the player
and now comes the rest
tomato sauce distributed nicely
and now only the till is missing
now something must be in between
can be addressed with the topic dose man
always feeling and then you
you will need it afterwards
so take about the same amount
me ever ready to make the wait
it still short term or melted
So the good side wants it
disbanded
Now we add something more
and then with whisk together
stir
I never do that according to quantities
but just feel so men
there are no more in it then we can do that
whole with him looking forward to flow
unattractive mix that I no
you can now also want to clink
get started with salt pepper and
nutmeg which must be beautiful
wake up
I'll just wait until I get this one
little has been created and it can
already
and if the laundry in the good
consistency then just comes here
about it
afterwards it shows until the 3
scratching in the color noise
and the good is not there now
cheese or something over it
that is perfect now that junes the
then brown beautiful of taste is
So what is cream so please no
buy funny overpriced cheese substitute
just leave out any interested in sow
cyprus schmidt
that can now be done in the preheated
oven is about half an hour
but you can always be with a
fork is already through
That's how it looks when it's done
a pub like to sear them
you could still do basilikum
or fresh salad and the beautiful
The recipe is based on the filling
shape differently if you prefer
you want to have mushrooms in it you make one
Mushrooming is just great
simple very fast recipe that
I really like everyone's wishes
you enjoy cooking and until the next
times